Number:401
Content:foreign minorities, GermanyWhat language and cultural differences impede the integrationof foreign minorities in Germany?A relevant document will focus on the causes of the lack ofintegration in a significant way; that is, the mere mention ofimmigration difficulties is not relevant.  Documents that discussimmigration problems unrelated to Germany are also not relevant.

Number:402
Content:behavioral geneticsWhat is happening in the field of behavioral genetics,the study of the relative influence of geneticand environmental factors on an individual's behavioror personality?Documents describing genetic or environmental factors relatingto understanding and preventing substance abuse and addictionsare relevant.  Documents pertaining to attention deficit disorderstied in with genetics are also relevant, as are genetic disordersaffecting hearing or muscles.  The genome project is relevantwhen tied in with behavior disorders (i.e., mood disorders,Alzheimer's disease).

Number:403
Content:osteoporosisFind information on the effects of the dietary intakesof potassium, magnesium and fruits and vegetables asdeterminants of bone mineral density in elderly menand women thus preventing osteoporosis (bone decay).A relevant document may include one or more of thedietary intakes in the prevention of osteoporosis.Any discussion of the disturbance of nutrition andmineral metabolism that results in a decrease inbone mass is also relevant.

Number:404
Content:Ireland, peace talksHow often were the peace talks in Ireland delayedor disrupted as a result of acts of violence?Any interruptions to the peace process not directlyattributable to acts of violence are not relevant.

Number:405
Content:cosmic eventsWhat unexpected or unexplained cosmic events orcelestial phenomena, such as radiation andsupernova outbursts or new comets, have been detected?New theories or new interpretations concerningknown celestial objects made as a result of newtechnology are not relevant.

Number:406
Content:Parkinson's diseaseWhat is being done to treat the symptoms ofParkinson's disease and keep the patientfunctional as long as possible?A relevant document identifies a drug or treatmentprogram utilized in patient care and providesan indication of success or failure.

Number:407
Content:poaching, wildlife preservesWhat is the impact of poaching onthe world's various wildlife preserves?A relevant document must discuss poaching in wildlifepreserves, not in the wild itself.  Also deemed relevantis evidence of preventive measures being taken by localauthorities.

Number:408
Content:tropical stormsWhat tropical storms (hurricanes and typhoons) havecaused significant property damage and loss of life?The date of the storm, the area affected, and the extent ofdamage/casualties are all of interest.  Documents that describethe damage caused by a tropical storm as "slight", "limited", or"small" are not relevant.

Number:409
Content:legal, Pan Am, 103What legal actions have resulted from the destructionof Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland, onDecember 21, 1988?Documents describing any charges, claims, or finespresented to or imposed by any court or tribunal arerelevant, but documents that discuss charges made indiplomatic jousting are not relevant.

Number:410
Content:Schengen agreementWho is involved in the Schengen agreement to eliminate bordercontrols in Western Europe and what do they hope to accomplish?Relevant documents will contain any information about theactions of signatories of the Schengen agreement such as:measures to eliminate border controls (removal of trafficobstacles, lifting of traffic restrictions); implementationof the information system data bank that contains unifiedvisa issuance procedures; or strengthening of border controlsat the external borders of the treaty area in exchange forfree movement at the internal borders.  Discussions of bordercrossovers for business purposes are not relevant.

Number:411
Content:salvaging, shipwreck, treasureFind information on shipwreck salvaging: therecovery or attempted recovery of treasure fromsunken ships.A relevant document will provide information onthe actual locating and recovery of treasure;on the technology which makes possible the discovery,location and investigation of wreckages whichcontain or are suspected of containing treasure; oron the disposition of the recovered treasure.

Number:412
Content:airport securityWhat security measures are in effect or are proposedto go into effect in airports?A relevant document could identify a specific airportand describe the security measures already in effector proposed for use at that airport.  Relevant itemscould also describe a failure of security that wascited as a contributing cause of a tragedy which cameto pass or which was later averted.  Comparisons betweenand among airports based on the effectiveness of thesecurity of each are also relevant.

Number:413
Content:steel productionWhat are new methods of producing steel?Relevant documents will discuss the processes adaptedby entrepreneurs who have organized so-called "minimills"and are producing steel by methods which differ fromthe old blast furnace method of production.  Documentsthat identify the new companies, the problems they havehave encountered, and/or their successes or failures inthe national and international markets are also relevant.

Number:414
Content:Cuba, sugar, exportsHow much sugar does Cuba export and whichcountries import it?A relevant document will provide informationregarding Cuba's sugar trade.  Sugar productionstatistics are not relevant unless exportsare mentioned explicitly.

Number:415
Content:drugs, Golden TriangleWhat is known about drug trafficking in the"Golden Triangle", the area where Burma,Thailand and Laos meet?A relevant document will discuss drugtrafficking in the Golden Triangle,including organizations that produce ordistribute the drugs; international effortsto combat the traffic; or the quantities ofdrugs produced in the area.

Number:416
Content:Three Gorges ProjectWhat is the status of The Three Gorges Project?A relevant document will provide the projecteddate of completion of the project, its estimatedtotal cost, or the estimated electrical output ofthe the finished project.  Discussions of thesocial, political, or ecological impact of theproject are not relevant.

Number:417
Content:creativityFind ways of measuring creativity.Relevant items include definitions of creativity,descriptions of characteristics associated withcreativity, and factors linked to creativity.

Number:418
Content:quilts, incomeIn what ways have quilts been used to generate income?Documents mentioning quilting books, quilting classes,quilted objects, and museum exhibits of quilts are all relevant.Documents that discuss AIDs quilts are irrelevant, unlessthere is specific mention that the quilts are being usedfor fundraising.

Number:419
Content:recycle, automobile tiresWhat new uses have been developed for oldautomobile tires as a means of tire recycling?A relevant document must show advantageous uses ofrecycled tires, such as:  destructive distillation ofscrap rubber for valuable chemicals, reef buildingfor fish habitats, filler or binder in asphaltroadway mixes, and burning in a controlledenvironment for heat generation.

Number:420
Content:carbon monoxide poisoningHow widespread is carbon monoxide poisoning ona global scale?Relevant documents will contain data onwhat carbon monoxide poisoning is, symptoms,causes, and/or prevention.  Advertisements forcarbon monoxide protection products or servicesare not relevant.  Discussions of auto emissionsand air pollution are not relevant even thoughthey can contain carbon monoxide.

Number:421
Content:industrial waste disposalHow is the disposal of industrial waste being accomplishedby industrial management throughout the world?Documents that discuss the disposal, storage, or managementof industrial waste---both standard and hazardous---arerelevant.  However, documents that discuss disposal orstorage of nuclear or radioactive waste, or the illegalshipment or dumping of waste to avoid legal disposalmethods are not relevant.

Number:422
Content:art, stolen, forgedWhat incidents have there been of stolen or forged art?Instances of stolen or forged art in any media are relevant.Stolen mass-produced things, even though they might bedecorative, are not relevant (unless they are mass-produced art reproductions). Pirated software, music, movies,etc. are not relevant.

Number:423
Content:Milosevic, Mirjana MarkovicFind references to Milosevic's wife, Mirjana Markovic.Any mention of the Serbian president's wife isrelevant, even if she is not named.  She may be referred toby her nickname, Mira.  A general mention of his family,without specifying his wife, is not relevant.

Number:424
Content:suicidesGive examples of alleged suicides that aroused suspicionof the death actually being murder.The intent of this query is to find criminal murders thatare being disguised as suicide, but assisted suicides doneout of compassion would be relevant if someone refers tothem as murder.

Number:425
Content:counterfeiting moneyWhat counterfeiting of money is being done inmodern times?Relevant documents must cite actual instancesof counterfeiting.   Anti-counterfeiting measures bythemselves are not relevant.

Number:426
Content:law enforcement, dogsProvide information on the use of dogs worldwide forlaw enforcement purposes.Relevant items include specific information on theuse of dogs during an operation.  Training of dogsand their handlers are also relevant.

Number:427
Content:UV damage, eyesFind documents that discuss the damage ultraviolet (UV)light from the sun can do to eyes.A relevant document will discuss diseases that resultfrom exposure of the eyes to UV light, treatmentsfor the damage, and/or education programs that helpprevent damage.  Documents discussing treatmentmethods for cataracts and ocular melanoma are relevanteven when a specific cause is not mentioned.  However,documents that discuss radiation damage from nuclearsources or lasers are not relevant.

Number:428
Content:declining birth ratesDo any countries other than the U.S. and China havea declining birth rate?To be relevant, a document will name a country other than the U.S.or China in which the birth rate fell from the rate of theprevious year.  The decline need not have occurred in morethan the one preceding year.

Number:429
Content:Legionnaires' diseaseIdentify outbreaks of Legionnaires' disease.To be relevant, a document must discuss a specific outbreakof Legionnaires' disease.  Documents that address prevention ofor cures for the disease without citing a specific case arenot relevant.

Number:430
Content:killer bee attacksIdentify instances of attacks on humans by Africanized(killer) bees.Relevant documents must cite a specific instance of a humanattacked by killer bees.  Documents that note migration patternsor report attacks on other animals are not relevant unless theyalso cite an attack on a human.

Number:431
Content:robotic technologyWhat are the latest developments in robotic technology?A relevant document will contain information oncurrent applications of robotic technology.  Discussionsof robotics research or simulations of robots arenot relevant.

Number:432
Content:profiling, motorists, policeDo police departments use "profiling" to stop motorists?A relevant document will report or discuss police departmentcriteria for identifying motorists considered likely to becarrying contraband.  Documents discussing the detention ofindividuals by foreign security forces are not relevant.

Number:433
Content:Greek, philosophy, stoicismIs there contemporary interest in the Greekphilosophy of stoicism?Actual references to the philosophy or philosophers,productions of Greek stoic plays, and new "stoic"artistic productions are all relevant.

Number:434
Content:Estonia, economyWhat is the state of the economy of Estonia?Documents that give concrete economic informationsuch as economic statistics, entering economic unionsand treaties, or monetary performance are relevant,as are discussions of economic issues such astransportation or pollution.

Number:435
Content:curbing population growthWhat measures have been taken worldwide and whatcountries have been effective in curbingpopulation growth?A relevant document must describe an actual case in whichpopulation measures have been taken and their results are known.The reduction measures must have been actively pursued;that is, passive events such as disease or famineinvoluntarily reducing the population are not relevant.

Number:436
Content:railway accidentsWhat are the causes of railway accidents throughoutthe world?A relevant document provides data on railway accidentsof any sort (i.e., locomotive, trolley, streetcar) whereeither the railroad system or the vehicle or pedestrianinvolved caused the accident.  Documents that discussrailroading in general, new rail lines, new technologyfor safety, and safety and accident preventionare not relevant, unless an actual accident is described.

Number:437
Content:deregulation, gas, electricWhat has been the experience of residential utilitycustomers following deregulation of gas and electric?Documents that discuss privatization of government-owned utilities alone are not relevant.  Also, notrelevant are documents that discuss the deregulationof utilities for commercial customers.

Number:438
Content:tourism, increaseWhat countries are experiencing an increase intourism?A relevant document will name a country thathas experienced an increase in tourism.The increase must represent the nation as a wholeand tourism in general, not be restricted to onlycertain regions of the country or to some specifictype of tourism (e.g., adventure travel).  Documentsdiscussing only projected increases are not relevant.

Number:439
Content:inventions, scientific discoveriesWhat new inventions or scientific discoveries have beenmade?The word "new" in the description is defined as occurringin the 1990s.  Documents that indicate a "recent"invention or scientific discovery are considered relevant.Discoveries made in astronomy or any scientific discoveriesthat are not patentable are not relevant.

Number:440
Content:child laborWhat steps are being taken by governments or corporationsto eliminate abuse of child labor?A relevant document identifies an action taken by eithera private commercial corporation or governmental organizationto reduce or eliminate the use of child labor in manufacturingoperations.

Number:441
Content:Lyme diseaseHow do you prevent and treat Lyme disease?Documents that discuss current prevention andtreatment techniques for Lyme disease arerelevant.  Reports of research on newtreatments of the disease are also relevant.

Number:442
Content:heroic actsFind accounts of selfless heroic acts by individuals orsmall groups for the benefit of others or a cause.Relevant documents will contain a description of specificacts.  General statements concerning heroic acts are notrelevant.

Number:443
Content:U.S., investment, AfricaWhat is the extent of U.S. (government and private)investment in sub-Saharan Africa?All references to U.S. Governmental and private assistanceto sub-Saharan Africa are relevant.  Documents discussingcontributions by reason of U.S. membership in internationalaid organizations are also relevant.

Number:444
Content:supercritical fluidsWhat are the potential uses for supercritical fluidsas an environmental protection measure?To be relevant, a document must indicate that thefluid involved is achieved by a process of pressurizationproducing the supercritical fluid.

Number:445
Content:women clergyWhat other countries besides the United States are consideringor have approved women as clergy persons?To be relevant, a document must indicate either a countrywhere a woman has been installed as clergy or a countrythat is considering such an installation.  The clergy positionmust be as church pastor rather than some other church capacity(e.g., nun or choir member).

Number:446
Content:tourists, violenceWhere are tourists likely to be subjected toacts of violence causing bodily harm or death?A relevant document must contain accounts of knownharm to tourists.  Evidence of single, isolatedincidents are not relevant.

Number:447
Content:Stirling engineWhat new developments and applications are therefor the Stirling engine?Any discussion of new developments and applications of theStirling engine (also known as the Stirling cycle) are relevant.

Number:448
Content:ship lossesIdentify instances in which weather was a main or contributingfactor in the loss of a ship at sea.Any ship loss due to weather is relevant, either in internationalor coastal waters.

Number:449
Content:antibiotics ineffectivenessWhat has caused the current ineffectiveness ofantibiotics against infections and what isthe prognosis for new drugs?To be relevant, a document must discuss the reasons orcauses for the ineffectiveness of current antibiotics.Relevant documents may also include efforts by pharmaceuticalcompanies and federal government agencies to find new cures,updating current testing phases, new drugs being tested,and the prognosis for the availability of new and effectiveantibiotics.

Number:450
Content:King Hussein, peaceHow significant a figure over the years was the lateJordanian King Hussein in furthering peace in theMiddle East?A relevant document must include mention of Israel;King Hussein himself as opposed to other Jordanianofficials; discussion of the King's on-going, previousor upcoming efforts; and efforts pertinent to the peaceprocess, not merely Jordan's relationship with othermiddle-east countries or the U.S.

