Number:401
Content:What language and cultural differences impede the integrationof foreign minorities in Germany?

Number:402
Content:What is happening in the field of behavioral genetics,the study of the relative influence of geneticand environmental factors on an individual's behavioror personality?

Number:403
Content:Find information on the effects of the dietary intakesof potassium, magnesium and fruits and vegetables asdeterminants of bone mineral density in elderly menand women thus preventing osteoporosis (bone decay).

Number:404
Content:How often were the peace talks in Ireland delayedor disrupted as a result of acts of violence?

Number:405
Content:What unexpected or unexplained cosmic events orcelestial phenomena, such as radiation andsupernova outbursts or new comets, have been detected?

Number:406
Content:What is being done to treat the symptoms ofParkinson's disease and keep the patientfunctional as long as possible?

Number:407
Content:What is the impact of poaching onthe world's various wildlife preserves?

Number:408
Content:What tropical storms (hurricanes and typhoons) havecaused significant property damage and loss of life?

Number:409
Content:What legal actions have resulted from the destructionof Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland, onDecember 21, 1988?

Number:410
Content:Who is involved in the Schengen agreement to eliminate bordercontrols in Western Europe and what do they hope to accomplish?

Number:411
Content:Find information on shipwreck salvaging: therecovery or attempted recovery of treasure fromsunken ships.

Number:412
Content:What security measures are in effect or are proposedto go into effect in airports?

Number:413
Content:What are new methods of producing steel?

Number:414
Content:How much sugar does Cuba export and whichcountries import it?

Number:415
Content:What is known about drug trafficking in the"Golden Triangle", the area where Burma,Thailand and Laos meet?

Number:416
Content:What is the status of The Three Gorges Project?

Number:417
Content:Find ways of measuring creativity.

Number:418
Content:In what ways have quilts been used to generate income?

Number:419
Content:What new uses have been developed for oldautomobile tires as a means of tire recycling?

Number:420
Content:How widespread is carbon monoxide poisoning ona global scale?

Number:421
Content:How is the disposal of industrial waste being accomplishedby industrial management throughout the world?

Number:422
Content:What incidents have there been of stolen or forged art?

Number:423
Content:Find references to Milosevic's wife, Mirjana Markovic.

Number:424
Content:Give examples of alleged suicides that aroused suspicionof the death actually being murder.

Number:425
Content:What counterfeiting of money is being done inmodern times?

Number:426
Content:Provide information on the use of dogs worldwide forlaw enforcement purposes.

Number:427
Content:Find documents that discuss the damage ultraviolet (UV)light from the sun can do to eyes.

Number:428
Content:Do any countries other than the U.S. and China havea declining birth rate?

Number:429
Content:Identify outbreaks of Legionnaires' disease.

Number:430
Content:Identify instances of attacks on humans by Africanized(killer) bees.

Number:431
Content:What are the latest developments in robotic technology?

Number:432
Content:Do police departments use "profiling" to stop motorists?

Number:433
Content:Is there contemporary interest in the Greekphilosophy of stoicism?

Number:434
Content:What is the state of the economy of Estonia?

Number:435
Content:What measures have been taken worldwide and whatcountries have been effective in curbingpopulation growth?

Number:436
Content:What are the causes of railway accidents throughoutthe world?

Number:437
Content:What has been the experience of residential utilitycustomers following deregulation of gas and electric?

Number:438
Content:What countries are experiencing an increase intourism?

Number:439
Content:What new inventions or scientific discoveries have beenmade?

Number:440
Content:What steps are being taken by governments or corporationsto eliminate abuse of child labor?

Number:441
Content:How do you prevent and treat Lyme disease?

Number:442
Content:Find accounts of selfless heroic acts by individuals orsmall groups for the benefit of others or a cause.

Number:443
Content:What is the extent of U.S. (government and private)investment in sub-Saharan Africa?

Number:444
Content:What are the potential uses for supercritical fluidsas an environmental protection measure?

Number:445
Content:What other countries besides the United States are consideringor have approved women as clergy persons?

Number:446
Content:Where are tourists likely to be subjected toacts of violence causing bodily harm or death?

Number:447
Content:What new developments and applications are therefor the Stirling engine?

Number:448
Content:Identify instances in which weather was a main or contributingfactor in the loss of a ship at sea.

Number:449
Content:What has caused the current ineffectiveness ofantibiotics against infections and what isthe prognosis for new drugs?

Number:450
Content:How significant a figure over the years was the lateJordanian King Hussein in furthering peace in theMiddle East?

